
Mick Pavey <mickp.dbox@gmail.com>16:08 (3 minutes ago)

Hi Barry,

A very Happy New Year to you... and my apologies for not getting back to you before now. I had two members webinars last week, which also involved splitting the recordings into sections & editing these. Coupled with that, my PC totally died, so I lost two days faffing around with setting up the new one!

Coming to your queries, I'll do my best to answer them and give you an update on what we're doing. The 'we' being me and my two AI assistants (Cedric & Annie). You'll see Annie's new welcome message on the home page of DIY-Investors.com.

The 'How to' part of the AI for investors is now on a separate website DIY-Investors.ai - which you might find interesting. There is also an associated YouTube Channel Here.

In terms of size of companies, I've always preferred to filter - using 'ShareScope' - both the old 'Legacy ShareScope' and with SharePad (now rebranded as 'ShareScope), by setting the filter critieria without setting an upper limit on the size of the company. This enabled me to pick (for example) Rolls Royce as a turnaround/recovery in late July/early August 2023... it's done well since then! Similarly, I picked Centrica in October/November 2023 and it went on to double. Having dropped back... now looks like turning up again, it's one of my Active 10 "share picks" for 2025!

I'm updating the website over the next few weeks, so you might like to check again over the next few days (assuming that you're already registered for the free membership).

The paying Inner Circle Membership also benefit from a monthly webinar that I run, which includes an 'interactive Members Session' at the end. This enables any member to suggest a company that others might be interested in. If time permits, I sometimes do a quick 5 minute review of these companies 'on the fly'... again this can be interesting. Barry, if you're interested, I'll happily extend an invitation to you (free) to be my guest attendee at the next webinar. This takes place at 7.30pm on Wednesday 5th February 2025 (lasting for about 1hr 30m). If that would be of interest, please let me know and I'll send you an invite.

I'll be adding the 'starting portfolios (UK & US) to the website either later today or tomorrow. 

I'm not sure about the Farnham Signet Group but as it's a face to face group, after the initial Zoom meeting, I'm afraid that it'll be no good for me.

I hope I've covered everything and I look forward to catching up with you at the next Elstead Meeting (on Zoom)! 

With my best wishes, Mick.

