Dear ...name...,
I hope that you're keeping well and enjoying a successful start to the year.
You'll recall that last year I extended the membership subscriptions, from 31st January 2025 to 28th February 2025, following my unexpected downtime after my knee replacement. Consequently, 2025 subscriptions will run through to 28th February 2026.
As we are approaching the end of the current membership period, I thought I'd drop you a line regarding renewal of subscriptions. As before, it seems sensible to keep this structure i.e. running the 12 months from 1st March 2025 to 28th February 2026. This keeps things simpler and ensures that everyone has access to my research, associated webinars and lists/portfolios for the start of the following year (2026 in this case).
Webinar Structures will remain the same... one per month (Inner Circle), to which Plaza Members automatically get access plus the Quarterly Plaza Webinar, having a maximum 2 hour duration (including the Members / Q & A Session at the end).
As before, there will be no 'Boot Camp' built in to the Plaza Membership, although if there is sufficient interest, I'll run a one day workshop at Birmingham. The content might include an element of AI for DIY-Investing, although I'll be guided by members on this.
One or two members have expressed a wish for more content around the use of ShareScope (the old SharePad) and again I'll be guided by members on whether to have this separate (or linked to the AI content).
Note: Any 'Boot Camp' style workshops this will only take place if there is sufficient demand from members. To make the course viable, at least 10 people are required. 
As hire charges have increased at all venues that I've contacted (inflation hits here too), I'm unable to provide a cost for any workshop until nearer the time, Two possible dates would be May and/or November 2025, subject to venue availability.
As in the past year, the Quarterly Plaza Group Meetings (via Zoom) will be in April, July, October & January.
I'm please to say that I've been able to freeze Plaza Membership costs at GBP720/year (when paid annually).
Inner Circle costs will also be frozen, at GBP380/year (when paid annually).









One Day Workshop (provisionally Nov 2024)
This workshop, provisionally titled:
"Picking Winning Shares - using SharePad (filters & strategies)"
is planned for November 2024 (to avoid the main holiday season) and will again, subject to availability & acceptable hire charges, be held at the National Conference Centre (NCC), Birmingham.

Inner Circle Membership
For those members wishing to continue with (just) the Inner Circle Membership, this will be the slightly increased rate of GBP380 (when paid annually). Benefits as shown in the comparison table (above).




Payment of subscriptions for February 2024 to 31st January 2025
Payment of subscriptions can be made via the bank transfer (BACS) to the account details (below):
Bank: 		Nat West
Sort Code: 	60-17-21
Account No:   	88560708
Account Name: 	Ditty Box Limited
(Note: DIY-Investors & diy-investors.com are wholly owned divisions of Ditty Box Ltd)

Alternatively, payment can be made via PayPal, using mick@diy-investors as the 'payee'.
Should you have any queries, do please let me know.
In closing, I'd like to thank you for your ongoing support of our community of like minded DIY-Investors and I wish you every success for the coming year.

With Best Wishes,



Mick Pavey
(founder of DIY-Investors.com)
